Update links to repos hosted in the uptane namespace. (#53)
uptane/uptane.github.io: adoptions.md

is legendarily secretive, we can acknowledge a few
parties.

> First, Uptane is incorporated in [Automotive Grade Linux](https://www.automotivelinux.org/), which is supported by [major OEMs and suppliers](https://www.automotivelinux.org/about/members/). This is via [aktualizr](https://github.com/uptane/aktualizr), which is also integrated into the [OTA Community Edition](https://github.com/uptane/ota-community-edition/) and [GENIVI](https://www.genivi.org/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, Uptane is incorporated in [Automotive Grade Linux](https://www.automotivelinux.org/), which is supported by [major OEMs and suppliers](https://www.automotivelinux.org/about/members/). Uptane's presence in AGL is via [aktualizr](https://github.com/uptane/aktualizr), which is also integrated into the [OTA Community Edition](https://github.com/uptane/ota-community-edition/) and [GENIVI](https://www.genivi.org/).
```
